what's up you do me and Sheldon are here
but you're probably wondering it like
where's Sheldon well Sheldon
is right there but he is I'm eating food
and it's just kind of rude to interrupt
toward this ones eating food but I'll
put them in the video right now eating
because that's what they do is eat so
here's Sheldon
alright so you guys got your daily dose
of Sheldon I know my last video Sheldon
wasn't in it and a lot of you guys were
very upset so if you enjoy seeing
Sheldon my videos please leave a comment
because Sheldon really appreciates them
he'll read through all the comments my
videos and really like bringing up his
move if he sees the people like them so
anyway all that set aside is today we're
talking about how it sort of like a blog
but more of like a video than a blog
even though anyway today we're talking
about how I got sponsored by adidas
and the reason I'm choosing adidas over
like any other companies I'm riding for
is because a lot of you to this day even
after put out multiple videos explaining
why are asking how I am Randy Brady does
not super like what happened between me
and Supra and why am I writing Perdita's
and today I am clarifying that so I can
stop getting comments asking what
happened in supera so first of all let's
clarify something there's a difference
between like being sponsored and like
writing for a company and being a flow
for a company and I'm flow for Adidas
and I was flow for super it's just like
through the rap the rap will send me
products like you don't get like on the
Instagram you don't get like you just
like a flow guy you know I mean it's
like you want to go from my flow am pro
that's like the stair steps to just
skateboarding sponsorships or whatever
bum so yeah I'm flow Freddie doesn't not
like I'm not officially on the adidas
team or anything just a flow sponsorship
so that being said let me explain what
happened Supra so I understand that
being a rep for a company is like a hard
stressful busy job so I'm I completely
understand that I'm not like giving the
super F hard time or anything but the
only reason I left super like I love
their shoes I love everything about
Supra but the only thing I didn't like
was that I cannot skate I'm really picky
about my expectations I cannot skate
shoes that are all black like black shoe
black sole black laces like all black
shoes I cannot skate and also I'm
extremely picky about my shoe size if
I'm not the right size I can't skate
them and I specifically told the rep
like a just I'll skate any type of shoe
as long as they're just like not all
black and make sure this has eight map
is like yeah for sure like yeah good and
then my box came and it was three pairs
of all-black nine-and-a-half shoes and I
could not like I'm not
like being someone weird kids like
didn't want to see them I cannot skate
shoes that aren't the right size let
alone the right size and the right color
so I couldn't skate them and I was kind
of upset because I wanted to see if I'm
gonna need shoes but I couldn't because
I physically like am terrible at skating
in all black shoes that are too big so I
talked to my local sketch the shop I
ride for Santa Cruz boardroom and talk
to the owner there cuz like I said
another video the best way to get
sponsored through like is through a
local shop sponsor so like get a shop
sponsor then they can help you reach out
to other companies to get your other
sponsors and I talked to him told him I
happen he's like yeah like the super
reps really busy guy and like I totally
understand that like I'm just another
name on a list I'm just like flow ride
years ago he gets this he gets this he
gets this I understand that I'm not like
I don't expect like oh he wants this
give him exactly what he wants and I
mean like I don't expect that it was
just like I was frustrating because I
couldn't skate the shoes that I got so
talk to the boss at Danica's boardroom
and he reached out to the adidas rep and
the adidas rep watched my sponsored
video and said that he was down to
follow me some shoes so I was like super
cool um and my first box I got three
pairs of shoes um shirts
hat I got like I was super stoked for my
first box so that's how Supra came and
went and that time adidas came I'm still
here so that's really all there is this
video I mean I'm gonna title it like how
I got sponsored by adidas and that was
pretty much I mean not pretty much it
was I talked to my shop sponsor told
them that I was looking for a shoe
sponsor
besides Supra because of what happened
and then also no hard feelings for it's
super whatsoever like not even remotely
hard feelings because the super rep is
also the crew rep and I still ride for
crew and like reps are super supportive
is like yeah I totally get like you need
to do what's best for you and I was like
yeah I thank you and then still ride for
crew so the rep is like it was just like
the shoes you doesn't mean like I'm not
picky about clothes I'm just picky about
shoes so it all works out perfectly but
no hard feelings for super Ed's love
their shoes I'd still recommend them if
you're trying to buy supras on thigh
surface I mean I'm not gonna like pick
want these but like yeah I mean adidas
makes some shoes to be better than
supras and then super make some shoes
that are better than adidas that's how
all shoe companies work play it's like
one shoe company is just superior but
that's just that's all I have to say
about suprem anyway
adidas I just talked myself sponsor told
them there was looking for a shoe
sponsor they sent my video link to the
rep and then got me in contact with the
rep the rep emailed me back saying yeah
I'm down to play you some stuff and
that's my address and that was that and
now I'm on another list I'm just oh he
gets to see justice use this and
hopefully like what my goal is obviously
what any sponsored skaters goal is just
like work their way up I'm sending him
like clips of me skating and pictures
and whatever and just hope that get
noticed and get higher up on that list
until it's like flow and Pro you know I
mean that's just like I don't have like
expectations but that's just like a
dream I guess you know I mean so that
was that was just explaining a few
things and I want to get any more
comments being like what happened to
Supra just now I told you so if you like
this video please like it because liking
does more than you think even though it
probably does less than you think that
because it made it seem like this a
while but it actually does do a lot so
big just please like this video the big
great thing comment
I don't care your comment comedy miss
Sheldon cuz I'm a Sheldon - he's burying
himself in piles of lettuce
Sheldon's a weird creature subscribe if
you're not already and imagine you are
but if you're not subscribed and
Instagram at your dinner Instagram for
Sheldon that Sheldon the tortoise
Facebook snapchat Twitter everything bye